# System-Analysis-and-Design

For this project we looked at the principles, methods, and techniques of system development. We acted as a member of a small consulting company that designs systems for clients. The client in this scenario was Drivepass. Drivepass wanted to provide students with access to online exams and on-the-road training to better prepare them for the driving tests. The company conducted an interview with Drivepass, and we were given a transcript of the meeting. From this transcript we determined what the system would accomplish overall and the different requirements of the system. We determined the overall objectives and goals of the system as well as the assumptions and limitations. We then looked at the functional and nonfunctional requirements of the system. With all this information we were able to create a Gantt chart that showed a schedule of when certain parts of the system should be completed to make sure it was given to the client on time. Next, we looked at the different types of UML diagrams that we could create using different use cases within the system. We created UML activity diagrams, UML sequence diagrams, and UML class diagrams. We then put together a presentation to present to the client with the design of the software. 

One thing that I did particularly well was determining the needs of the client from the transcript we were given. We are looking over the transcript I was able to take my own notes and see how the actual software would work and then see how different classes could work together to achieve certain things. I also did well with explain the requirements of the system with detail to make sure that the client understood what I was saying. I made sure to use non-technical words to not confuse the client and help him understand. 

I was able to interpret the users’ needs for the overall design of the system by reading the transcript thoroughly. I was able to pick out different parts and make sure that different things were added that the client wanted. Using this information and creating the UML diagrams helped even more to make sure I was creating just what the client asked for. 

When looking at designing software, the most important things are determining the requirements of the system. This will help to see the overall goal and outcome of the system. In the future I will be able to look back at this assignment and remember different tactics that we did. For instance, I will be sure to take a lot of notes on what the client wants to make sure we do not forget anything. I will also try and organize the notes as this helped to see the overall goals of the system.
